BUILDING SEQUEL PRO
-------------------

Sequel Pro uses two external frameworks which come with .ibplugins (Interface Builder
Plugins); to build Sequel Pro, Interface Builder must have detected these plugins.

The two frameworks are:

	BWToolkit
	ShortcutRecorder

Each of these frameworks are included in the Sequel Pro source tree with its .ibplugin;
the locations of these .ibplugins are:

	./Frameworks/BWToolkitFramework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/BWToolkit.ibplugin
	./Frameworks/ShortcutRecorder.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ShortcutRecorder.ibplugin

(NOTE: Xcode 4 does not yet support interface builder plugins. Xcode 3.2.x is recommended)

By including these .ibplugins within the frameworks, Interface Builder should detect 
them automatically when you build.  If you get build errors complaining "Unable to 
resolve plug-in dependency for ...", automatic detection has failed.  The first thing 
to try is the following steps to try and make Xcode pick up the plugins iteself:

1) Quit Xcode and Interface Builder
2) Re-open Xcode
3) Locate one of the .xib files with dependencies, for example DBView.xib, and open it from Xcode
4) Close it, and try building again.

If this still fails, locate the .ibplugins and double click on them to add them to Interface Builder.

If Interface Builder complains that they're already installed then you might want 
to replace the current versions with the versions in the project; to do this go to the
Interface Builder preferences, click on 'Plugins', and remove the BWToolkit and/or 
ShortcutRecorder plugin using the [ - ] button below the list.

You will need to relaunch Interface Builder before you can re-add the plugin from the 
locations mentioned above.

Note, that Interface Builder always looks in the same location that plugins are originally 
installed from and does not keep track of them when they are moved. If Interface Builder 
complains that it can't a plugin dependency, either restore it to its originally location 
or re-add it using the steps above.

As a last resort jump onto IRC and join #sequel-pro on irc.freenode.net and any of the 
developers will be more than happy to help you out.

- The Sequel Pro team
